docs: update documentation for recent features (#2398)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/developers/sdk-typescript.md

## Requirements

> - Node.js >= 20.0.0

Reviewer: **[Critical]** Node.js version changed from `>=22` to `>=20`, but this contradicts the codebase

The base branch docs correctly say `Node.js >= 22.0.0`. This PR lowers it to `>= 20.0.0`. However, the SDK's `packages/sdk-typescript/package.json` `engines` field says `>=18.0.0`, and the root project requires `>=22` (Ink 7 + React 19.2). The new value doesn't match either source.

Please verify the correct minimum version with the SDK team and align the docs, `engines` field, and root requirement.

_— qwen-latest-series-invite-beta-v28 via Qwen Code /review_

| `debug`                  | `boolean`                                                            | `false`          | Enable debug mode for verbose logging from the CLI process.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `maxSessionTurns`        | `number`                                                             | `-1` (unlimited) | Maximum number of conversation turns before the session automatically terminates. A turn consists of a user message and an assistant response.                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `coreTools`              | `string[]`                                                           | -                | Equivalent to `tool.core` in settings.json. If specified, only these tools will be available to the AI. Example: `['read_file', 'write_file', 'run_terminal_cmd']`.                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** The `coreTools` example uses `run_terminal_cmd`, but the shell tool exposed by this codebase is `run_shell_command`. SDK users copying this example will configure a non-existent tool name, so shell access will not be enabled/restricted as intended.

```suggestion
| `coreTools`              | `string[]`                                                           | -                | Equivalent to `tool.core` in settings.json. If specified, only these tools will be available to the AI. Example: `['read_file', 'write_file', 'run_shell_command']`.                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

_— gpt-5.5 via Qwen Code /review_

| `agents`                 | `SubagentConfig[]`                                                   | -                | Configuration for subagents that can be invoked during the session. Subagents are specialized AI agents for specific tasks or domains.                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `includePartialMessages` | `boolean`                                                            | `false`          | When `true`, the SDK emits incomplete messages as they are being generated, allowing real-time streaming of the AI's response.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `resume`                 | `string`                                                             | -                | Resume a previous session by providing its session ID. Equivalent to CLI's `--resume` flag. When present, it takes precedence over `sessionId`.                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** `resume`/`sessionId` require valid UUID format but this is not documented

Source (`packages/sdk-typescript/src/utils/validation.ts`) validates UUID format and throws `Error: Invalid resume: "...". Must be a valid UUID` for non-UUID input. The docs show a UUID example but never state the format requirement.

Add a note: "`resume` and `sessionId` must be valid UUIDs. Invalid values throw an error."

_— qwen-latest-series-invite-beta-v28 via Qwen Code /review_
